Now I will say that we'll have an in-depth look at how to work with user input and so on.
In a separate module in the next course module therefore I'll not dive deeply into it right now.
The only thing I want to do right now is add a text input here to the edit product screen and then output
a couple of text inputs here which allow us to fetch user input and in the end allow us to add or edit
product without any validation or anything special in there.
So I'll also import a scroll view because I'll begin by wrapping everything with a scroll view because
you could certainly be viewing us on a small device or in landscape mode where not everything fits into
one screen now in there we'll have a couple of views with the different text inputs so here we'll always
have a text with a label like the title of the product which you should enter and below that a text
input that allows you to enter this title and in the end I will repeat that for all the different things
you want to add.
Now some styling will be required.
So here for the text input I'll add a style of input and on the text above that I'll add a style of
styles label.
You can also give this view and overall style of form control for example whatever you want to name
it.
And now we can repeat that for the title for the image you are L here for the price and libs price and
all the last but not least for the description I'll also wrap these things overall into a number of
the U.
So all these form controls in the end which I'll give a style of styles for.
Now it's time to work on these styles here.
So down there in the style sheet for the form all set a margin of 20 in all directions so there is some
spacing around these inputs for my inputs here for the formal control label and input.
I also want to add some styles so yea I'll have to form control my label and then all of the input itself.
So the text input itself for the form control I want to set a width of one hundred to make sure that
this is as wide as possible for the label.
I'll set the font family to open Sand's bold to have some bold text here and then a margin vertical
of a to have some spacing on top at bottom and for the input itself which is this text input element
I want of a padding horizontal off too.
So a very small padding so that when we enter texture not directly on the edge of the input and a padding
vertical of 5 so a small padding to top and bottom and a border bottom colour of this slight grayish
look with this hex code of CCC and then a border bottom with whips border bottom width of one that's
the style all go with for now know if you have a look at that by going to admin and then for example
clicking on you adding a new one this is how it looks and doesn't look too bad.
Certainly not configured in any way but some to get started with.
And of course now I want you all to submit this and save this as well.
For Dad and the addict products.
I want to have a action button so button indeed And the header hence here whips before to stalls maybe
order doesn't matter but I like to have it right next to the component I'll add to navigation options
where I need dat dynamic syntax because we'll need to do something dynamic from inside the header and
then here we returned that config object where for one you can set the header title indentured all to
be dynamic because their 1 output WEBER We're editing or adding that will depend on the fact whether
we have a product or a deep param or not so we can already access NAF data dot navigation but get param.
Now if you have a look at the user product screen you'll notice that when we click on the edit button
we do pass in the product I.D. param here to edit product navigation when we clicked on the ad icon
in the header.
However we don't past it.
So the product the de param if that's available we know we're an added mode.
So here I can check if we can get a value for it added if data is true ish.
Then I show added product as a title.
Otherwise I'll show ad product because that's a clear indicator to me whether we're editing or adding
you header title is not everything that should be part of the configuration though.
I also want to have that header right.
Part to have a button that allows it to save my data and for Dad I'll go to the user products screen
and copy this setup I have data with the header buttons.
Copy that over to the edit product screen and of course therefore also copy over the imports of header
button and header buttons and item over to edit product screen and add this here and I'll of course
we need to tweak does a little bit because certainly I add button does not make sense here save seems
to be a more appropriate label and the icon I want to use therefore is empty checkmark and Iow checkmark
which renders a nice well checkmark icon of course here I also don't want to navigate to edit product
but instead I want to submit my form and that's something we'll work on in a second.
First we need to make sure that we can save all the user input and that we all did pre populate this
form in case for editing so to save the user input we can use to use state hook from react and simply
manage to state for each of these text inputs.
We'll have four states here in the end with use state.
Each initialized to an empty string initially and then we have the title and set title and repeat that
basically to also have like the image your URL and set image your l and then here half the price and
set price.
And then here also have the description and set description and again we'll refine this in the next
module where we dive deeper into handling user input.
For now I'll just bind this to my text input value here is bound to title for this first one which is
my title input and on change text here I get my text here that changed and I'll save this back to set
title in this case here sort of update my title state with the newly entered title text and now it's
this pattern which we add to all these text inputs here.
Here of course for the second one we're talking about the image you are L and set image you are L but
I've written that it's the same forward price.
Unsurprisingly we pass back in the price and we call set price but other than that it's the same.
Please note that price they offer of course is also managed as a string year because whatever to use
ranchers always is text and here for the text input I will pass in my description and set my description
here.
With that data is managed now to repopulate Dad when we have a recipe when we are loading a product
and bird added mode we just need to get our product I.D. with the help of props navigation get param
their product I.D. is a parameter we can fix retrieve and if proper I.D. is set well then I know we're
an added mode and then I of course want to pre populate my fields here with the values.
No actually that means I want to load my product based on the prod idea from my redux state.
So we import use selector from react redux here and now here we can get our edited product by reaching
out with you selector to our redux state.
Now of course we need to dive into our products slice and you can always check out your reducer if you're
not sure how it was structured again and there we see in the products part of our reducer of our redux
store I should say we have that user products array in the end.
So that's what I'm interested in here.
You reach out to user products and now I want to find the product with that prod I.D. So here I'll have
a look at every product defined function just as for me I want to return true if the idea of the product
I'm looking at is equal to the prod I.D. I retrieved from my parameters.
Now of course sometimes this will not yield anything if product is not set because this parameter is
not set which is always the case when we clicked on this add button then this parameter will never be
set but that's OK so edited product will then simply be undefined which is totally fine otherwise if
added the product is not undefined if it is Saturday 0 4 we know we are in edit mode and therefore we
can pre populate our values therefore actually I'll do this first before I initialize my states because
that is something I want to initialize depending on whether we loaded a product or not.
So title here actually there I will check if added product if that is set.
If it is set then I will initialize the title to be edited product title otherwise it will be an empty
string and I'll have the same logic for the image you are L here.
So here I do that for image you or L not for the price because the price shouldn't be changeable but
I will do it for the description.
So the default value of title immaterial and description depends on whether we have an additive product
or not and now with that since we set this on the state this will automatically be fed into our text
inputs and the only thing is I need to make sure that they remove the the price input here.
If we're an added mode so we'll check if added that product is set here and if that is the case then
it will return null here and only.
Otherwise if it's not set.
So if I'm in at Mode not an added mode I will render that price input here so that the price input is
removed if we're editing because I can't edit it anyways.
So now with that let's give this a try and let's go back to the admin screen for click on ads.
Yeah I need to reset the platform import because I'm using data in the header button for rendering the
checkmark the icons depending on the platform.
So let's make sure we import platform on the edit product screen but now if I click on add we see all
four imports all empty at the beginning for click on added on the rent that are pre populated and I
don't see the price input which is exactly what I want.
Now it's time to make sure that when we submit this we ever update our product.
If we're editing or if we're adding it we're adding a new product.
Again for now I will not add any validation we'll do that later.
So for now we can also submit a empty product later after the next module.
This will not be possible anymore.